With our firebase function updated, let's now use it in our places actions file where we do send a request
to it.
Now there we don't need to attach our token with the auth query parameter,
we do have a token though but we need to set some extra header so
let's add the headers object here
and let's add an authorization header, casing shouldn't matter but I'll write it with an uppercase character
at the beginning
and the value will be bearer, an empty space and then the token. And with this, we should actually send
the token to this backend. Now we catch any errors here
but thereafter we continue and we continue by sending another fetch request to the firebase database,
well there we also need to add our token
otherwise this will fail so
let's add the token here too. With that we have an add place function that also should work.
Let's reload the app and let's try it out,
let's create a new user or sign user in to be precise,
let's go to share place,
now let's pick an image here,
maybe this one, locate ourselves
and give it a fitting name and share the place and keep in mind this can take a little while here
since we're again uploading a rather big image with a rather bad internet connection here on the simulator.
And I actually do get an error here,
token is not defined,
do you know why we get this?
We get this because our function code, the cloud function code is correct
but here in our places action creator for adding a place, we get the token here after auth get token and
there we return fetch and we send the request to our cloud function and then we're done with this then block.
We send the next request to the database in a
totally different then block, here
this token variable doesn't exist,
it's only this argument we get here in this function.
So to use it in the other then block too, we can simply create a new variable
here right at the start,
maybe name it auth token to avoid confusion
and then set auth token equal to token here
once we got it and then pass auth token here as a token to our authorization header and then also use
auth token in the second fetch request here, instead of token and this will now be generally available.
Now let's try this on Android
in the meantime,
so there I can of course login with the same credentials because it's the same backend so accounts
are shared across device of course.
Now let's share a place, let's pick an image, take a photo,
this one here,
let's pick a location here,
let's enter some name,
testing this token thing
and let's share this place and it should have succeeded
since we don't get an error here. Let's now check this on our firebase database,
testing this token thing, here we got it, here we got an image link, let's also test this for completeness
sake,
there's our image.
So this is all working,
now we successfully get the token, store the token then use the token to then authenticate ourselves.
So it looks pretty finished but now the real work starts because what happens if the user is inactive
and comes back to our app, how long is this token valid, how can we automatically log the user in,
how can we store the token across app
relaunches? All these things because right now,
ok if I close the app like this and reopen it, I'm back to this page
but what if I actually dismiss the task and reload the app,
then we're back to the auth screen and wouldn't it be better to automatically log the user in at this point?
These are all things we'll cover next.